[Music]
um
hey what's up y'all rob here square
wheels this
is part two of the infiniti q50s
lighting trends flow series day running
light kit installation
first off thank you for the support uh
there's really an outpouring of support
in the comments on that first video of
everyone that's really
feeling empowered to go ahead and do
this shout out specifically to carl24
he's got his bumper off and his
headlights out
right now probably waiting for uh this
video so again
thank you to everybody who's you know
feeling empowered and taking the steps
and doing this themselves
it's not rocket science y'all you just
to have the information
and i'm putting it out there if you
haven't seen part one you're jumping
ahead a little bit
in that video i cover the headlight
removal what you need to do to open and
paint the components
uh detailed overview of the kit from
lighting trends and then a detailed
installation of
all the flow series crescent and eyebrow
components
in your headlights themselves so if you
haven't seen that
first go like and subscribe because it's
free why wouldn't you and then go check
out that video
once you check that out then you'll be
ready for part two i'm already
guaranteeing there's going to be a part
three
because i've already got the parts on
order for etched lenses
for sequentials for startup animations
i'm going to install the blue ghost
controller so a brand new controller
um so i'm i'm diving in head first to
this whole uh headlight retrofit world
uh sharing all the info as i learn it
just to kind of take the
the mask of of this being you know super
special only pro installers can do it
this
isn't rocket science it's all just you
know cheap little leds
okay so let's get to the meat of this
specific video so in this video
i'm really just gonna be wrapping up the
phase one
installation right so at the end of it
that part one video
you had all your components installed
and you're probably sealing up your
headlight and i'm gonna take you
through it from here all right so after
you got all the components installed i'm
guessing you probably just reversed all
your steps you got all the screws back
in what you need to do is run all the
wires from the light and trends dave
running light kit out through that hole
in the back of your headlight
now i've seen some other people actually
drill into the actual headlight
enclosure itself and pass the wires
through that way
but i don't know that makes me a little
nervous i like to
leave the headlight as stock as possible
so what i did was just drill the
little plastic cap that screws onto the
back of the headlight and i ran the
wires through that
and then just to make sure that it's
completely weatherproof i used
a hot glue gun and just surrounded those
wires completely
so now if i ever need to take this back
to stock i can just
remove all the componentry i can get a
new cap
and just screw it into the old spot and
it'll be like nothing ever happened on
my headlights
once that's all done the only thing left
to do
really is install the headlights
right in the same spots that you took
them out of make sure that your
wiring for the daytime running light kit
isn't getting kinked or pinched under
anything so i ran it
right through the back of the headlight
and then ran it towards the passenger
side of the engine compartment
right in the for the wires that came out
of the headlight i pulled them towards
the front so they were staying as far
away from the heat of the engine bay
and i zip tied them to that metal bar
that's right above the
radiator so i'm feeling really secure
that they're going to be watertight
and they're also going to be um pretty
far away from the heat so it should be
pretty good long term here i am on the
passenger side just doing the same thing
just reinstalling the headlight in the
same spot that it came out of and
running the wires straight to
uh back towards the battery box so while
i run around with my
micrometer and i tested literally every
fuse location so these three here
are actually day run light fuse
but all of them have a constant 12 volt
signal so
obviously i can't have a constant signal
powering my day running light so they'll
never turn off
um so now these were appropriate options
i feel like these may be good to keep in
mind when i switch over to
the blue ghost controller next so the
next thing i tried was the other fuse
box
on the passenger side it's a much
smaller fuse box right by the battery
and once i found a little spot in the
relay
i tested it actually wiring the day
running lights and
i could see that it was switched power
so let me show you exactly where
where it was so right here by the
battery there's this tiny little fuse
box
and it only has one little kind of relay
in there
so all you have to do is pull the cap
off of it and that'll expose
the relay here now i
ran the micrometer through all the ports
in this relay
and there's only one spot that is
confirmed to be a
switch spot that only gets power when
the ignition is on
so you can pull here there's a little
plastic tab that holds it to
a metal tab and that'll give you a bit
more wiggle room
and since i already have this wire run
in here it's a little tight so i'm
prying it up with a screwdriver
but you should be able to just push the
tab in and pull the relay straight up
and that'll get
you access to all the ports in here
all right here we go so now that the top
is popped you can see exactly the port
that i wired this
12 v power switch to it's
gonna be the bottom left one uh if
you're looking at it from right as you
pull
the fuse box out once you run your wire
in there just make sure it's making
connection
with the port and then obviously once
you put the relay back
on top of it it should make a good solid
connection but once you do this
definitely go ahead and test and make
sure that you're
getting power only when the vehicle is
switched on because you don't want to
wrap all this back up and
realize that you know you don't have a
good connection
another little tip to make sure that i
wasn't pinching the cable i just carved
out a little bit of this plastic cap
just to make sure
that you know i had enough breathing
room so that when i put it back on top
it's not crimping the cable and
you know exposing any any raw wire
[Music]
we could be
so if you'll excuse this crew drawing
this just shows
exactly how i wired and how i positioned
everything in the engine bay
um so those dashed wires are all the
wires from the lighting trend kit
those three units are the three units
that i showed you in part one
that make up the kit and i'm just
showing you skip the first fuse box
go to that fuse box that's right by the
battery and that's where you're going to
want to tap your power
from this point on you're just kind of
reassembling your car putting everything
back
you know where it was um
so all the components are sitting right
here behind the passenger
side headlight so the
step down the control unit
as well as a bluetooth controller are
all in this area here
and what i did just because i tend to be
paranoid is bundle
everything up in one
bundle including any of those
connectors that come out of the control
unit
that aren't connected to anything i had
two extra connectors free
make sure you put them well you don't
have to do it but
i put them in a plastic bag and i zip
tie the plastic bag just to make sure
that they were completely protected from
any moisture i left the step down
converter i left the power supply
out in the open because it looked like
it was already
waterproofed and i didn't want to affect
any of the heat dissipation from the
heatsink so i left that
just sitting there but everything else i
put in this plastic bag
and i zip tied it
[Music]
then to make sure that you know this
thing isn't bouncing around in my engine
bay
i also zip tied it right to the frame
uh to keep it nice and secure it's also
right behind the air box so
it should be pretty far away from any
any heat that's going to do any damage
to it
after that again we're just kind of
putting things all back together
we're getting to a point where we can
start testing this out
[Music]
all right i've got everything buttoned
up the led
day run lights only turn on when i
have the car in accessory mode or i have
the ignition on
so what i'm doing now is opening up the
led hue
app and i'm going to give you a quick
demo of it
so when you open up the app you're
immediately going to see all the
bluetooth devices in the area
you're going to select the one for your
bluetooth controller for your headlights
which is the sp110p
and that will open you right up into the
interface where you can start using
colors and animations
[Music]
that's pretty much all there is to it i
won't walk you through every single
animation because i did a separate video
on that i'll link it
uh up here around here somewhere um
so go check that out so you can see all
the animation and all the color options
that are available
with this kit uh that's about it
uh thank you for checking out the video
if it added value for you please like
and subscribe it really helps out the
channel helps the momentum
keep on going thank you for the support
more coming
so sit tight thanks so much y'all
[Music]
bye